CMR-8624: Update the automate Generic Document API Documentation (#1751)
nasa/Common-Metadata-Repository: schemas/resources/schemas/orderoption/v1.0.0/ingest.md

## <a name="orderoption"></a> Order Option

#### <a name="provider-info-orderoption"></a> /providers/&lt;provider-id&gt;/orderoptions/&lt;native-id&gt;

### <a name="create-update-orderoption"></a> Create / Update an Order Option

> Order option concepts can be created or updated by sending an HTTP PUT with the metadata to the URL `%CMR-ENDPOINT%/orderoption/<native-id>?provider=<provider-id>`. The response will include the [concept id](#concept-id) and the [revision id](#revision-id). The contents of the metadata is passed in the body of the request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Order Option concepts can be created or updated by sending an HTTP PUT with the metadata to the URL `%CMR-ENDPOINT%/orderoption/<native-id>?provider=<provider-id>`. The response will include the [concept id](#concept-id) and the [revision id](#revision-id). The contents of the metadata is passed in the body of the request
```

```

> curl -v -XPOST \

Reviewer 2: drop -v

-H "Content-Type:application/vnd.nasa.cmr.umm+json" \
-H "Authorization: Bearer XXXX" \
"%CMR-ENDPOINT%/orderoption/sampleNativeId?provider=PROV1" \
-d @sampleOrderoption.json
```

#### Successful Response in XML
```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><result><concept-id>OO1200000000-PROV1</concept-id><revision-id>1</revision-id><warnings></warnings><existing-errors></existing-errors></result>%
```

> Subsequet ingests to a orderoption record will result in updates to it's metadata as well as increment the revision-id of the record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subsequent ingests to an Order Option record will result in updates to it's metadata as well as increment the revision-id of the record.
```

#### Successful Response in JSON

By passing the option `-H "Accept: application/json"` to `curl`, one may
get a JSON response:

  {"concept-id":"OO1200000000-PROV1","revision-id":1,"warnings":null,"existing-errors":null}

### <a name="delete-orderoption"></a> Delete a Order Option

> Order option metadata can be deleted by sending an HTTP DELETE to the URL `%CMR-ENDPOINT%/orderoption/<native-id>?provider=<provider-id>`. The response will include the [concept id](#concept-id) and the [revision id](#revision-id) of the tombstone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Order Option metadata can be deleted by sending an HTTP DELETE to the URL `%CMR-ENDPOINT%/orderoption/<native-id>?provider=<provider-id>`. The response will include the [concept id](#concept-id) and the [revision id](#revision-id) of the tombstone.
```

>   curl -i -XDELETE \

Reviewer 2: drop -i

Author: I'll go ahead and drop those on all the docs

Author: Though I would mentioned these curl flags are used in the same way in the Ingest api.md and search api.md

    -H "Authorization: Bearer XXXX" \
    %CMR-ENDPOINT%/orderoption/sampleNative23Id?provider=PROV1"

#### Successful Response in XML

```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<result>
  <concept-id>OO1200000000-PROV1</concept-id>
  <revision-id>1</revision-id>
</result>
```
#### Successful Response in JSON

  {"concept-id":"OO1200443608-PROV1","revision-id":1,"warnings":null,"existing-errors":null}

> Attempting to delete an already deleted record will return
> the following error message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attempting to delete an already deleted record will return the following error message
```

Reviewer 2: Jay's suggestion is just a tad over 80 and well under 100, I vote with him.
